1. Using Putty
   1) Connection->Data: Set Terminal-type string to 'xterm-putty' or
     'xterm-putty_appl'. Use the supplied files with 'tic'.
   2) 'xterm-putty' provides the key definitions for the Normal mode,
      'xterm-putty_appl' for the Application mode (See Terminal-Features).
   3) Putty does not generate proper key codes when Shift is pressed.
      Use Alt-arrows instead of Shift-arrows. Use Alt-Home and Alt-End
      instead of Ctrl-Home and Ctrl-End.
2. Using NetSarang Xmanager.
   1) Specify the following command line parameter when starting xterm:
      -xrm XTerm*metaSendsEscape:true
   2) When using UTF-8, also add:
      +bdc
   3) It is recommended to reduce brightness of color7, for example:
      -xrm XTerm*color7:gray60
   4) X Extensions XKEYBOARD must be checked in the Profile Properties/Advanced.
3. Using VanDyke SecureCRT.
   1) Do not use "swUTF8' in the TVOPT environment variable.
   2) It is recommended to use special layout (xterm-scokey in terminfo) and
      specify the terminal type 'xterm-scokey'. In SecureCRT, enable xterm
      emulation with user-defined keyboard using the provided xt-sco.key.
4. IDA uses the libncurses (libcurses) dynamic library. In some Linux distributions
   (Fedora, SuSe), when libncurses-devel installed, the ld-script is present
   instead of a symlink. This script can not be used for dynamic loading.
   You need to check and to create a link to the actual library.
5. If libncurses (and libcurses) are not present, only the following
   terminals are supported: xterm, linux, xterm-scokey and scoansi.
   Additionally, xterm must be run with the following parameters:
      -xrm XTerm*metaSendsEscape:true
      -xrm XTerm*modifyCursorKeys:2
      -xrm XTerm*modifyFunctionKeys:2
   Also recommended:
      -xrm XTerm*color7:gray60
   When using UTF8:
      +bdc
6. Use -x when compiling the provided terminfo entry-description files
   (xterm-scokey, xterm-putty), e.g.:
      tic -x xterm-putty
7. Notes for using UTF-8. When using UTF-8 and xterm, depending on xterm
   compiling option, the -u8 and +lc options may be needed. See xterm
   documentation, or You can use uxterm script.
8. IDA use the TVOPT environment variable to control IO modes.
   It has the following subfields delimited by commas ',':
      noX11   - when libX11.so is incompatible
      noGPM   - when libgpm.so is incompatible
                also, when this flag is present, and gpm does not work at
                the start of the program - do not trace its attachment
      noUTF8  - do not use UTF8 for pseudographic chars
      UTF8    - force UTF8 for pseudographic chars
      swUTF8  - force switching to UTF8 by escape sequence "\e%G".
      ansi    -
           OR
      mono    - when the terminfo data of your display does not declare
                it has having the ANSI-color support
      ign8    - ignore '8bit as meta key' in the terminfo description
      noacsc  - do not use 'acsc' table from terminfo
                (use builtin table from pseudographic chars)
                recommended if you are using unicode-font on 'linux' terminal
      xtrack  - if your xterm-emulator in telnet client does not support
                the mode 1002 (only 1000), set this flag
